[ Silence ]
[ Intro Music ]
>> Regina Meredith: No field
is more shrouded in mystery
and disinformation
than that of UFology.
While most of us are deeply
intrigued with the proof
of visitors from outer
space and other dimensions,
the subject has been mired
in frightful scenarios.
Paola Harris has been
researching the subject
for 30 years.
She's here to tell us about one
of the most intriguing
cases of all times.
The story of Val Thor.
As well as the trend regarding
the types of beings that appear
to be visiting us now.
Welcome Paola.
I've wanted to interview you
for probably the last 15 years
since I first started hearing
about your work in connection
with Lt. Colonel Philip Corso.
We'll talk about him a little
later, but a long the way
about that time I
came in contact
with this obscure
little book called
"Stranger at the Pentagon".
And you've actually
-- you have some
of the most phenomenal photos
from a very precious archive --
from Wendelle Stevens.
He's a life-long UFO researcher.
And so we're going to
get into all of that.
But first of all you have
really deep connections.
So give us a little
bit of background
on how you started this out.
And no less, 30 years ago when
other people weren't doing it.
>> Paola Harris: Well it's
so nice to be here Regina.
You know, it isn't
a normal occupation.
It isn't a normal hobby
[background chuckles].
And it's not a normal anything
to be interested in this
because people call it "fringe".
In other words, fringe research
or fringe investigations.
And I got started
quite by accident.
Everything has been
synchronistic in my life.
I saw the movie -- I was a
young mother and I saw the movie
"Close Encounters
of the Third Kind",
and the very last scene there
where Francois Truffaut --
who plays Jack Voulet --
has the encounter or the
contact with the beings.
I had an incredible
reaction to that.
I began to cry and
I was very emotional
and I asked myself,
why do I have this?
A reaction to contact on a film
that just came out that had --
that I learned later on
had a lot of truth in it.
At that time synchronistically,
I was teaching in Broomfield,
Colorado science fiction.
A class called science fiction,
and "Star Wars" had
just come out --
>> Regina: Just down the road
from where we are right now.
>> Paola: Yeah.
Actually -- and so I was --
because by trade I'm
an English teacher.
I have a Masters in
education, so I'm an educator.
And I had this reaction.
So I thought to myself, I
want to meet the consultant
on this film, Dr.
J. Allen Hynek.
Who, as everyone knows,
was the Blue Book person.
And basically Hynek had a --
his Center for UFO Studies
in Evanston, Illinois.
And serendipitously, I had a
wedding in Evanston, Illinois.
So I walked into his
Center for UFO Studies.
I didn't think he was
there, but he was there.
Came from around the corner
with that famous pipe.
That, you know, he has
a cameo in the movie
where he comes out
with the pipe.
And he said to me, "Well
my secretary tells me
that you're Italian, and
that you can do translations
for me for my Italian cases.
Would you like to work with me?"
So I worked with him
until he died in 1986.
And what I realized Regina,
was that I had the best teacher
because I knew it was
real right off the bat.
>> Regina: You - okay you
mentioned Blue Book a little
bit ago.
So why don't you
fill our audience
in on Project Blue Book.
Its inception.
What it was designed to do.
And what it did not do.
>> Paola: Well, Project Blue
Book was the Air Force program
that studied -- supposedly
studied UFO cases.
And Allen told me that
there were a lot of cases
that he considered, you
know, unexplainable,
that the Air Force dismissed.
That was one of his reasons
for leaving Project Blue Book.
Was because he was told
to try to explain it
in the best way he could.
So he's famous -- and
researchers still made him pay
for it for using the
term, "Swamp Gas".
Okay? So it was an easy
way to go to the media.
And the idea of the media --
I'm really interested
in how they cover this.
And using a term that dismisses
it right away with the amount
of ridicule that goes with it.
However, we've got
to remember Hynek --
>> Regina: Well tell people
what you're talking about,
about swamp gas.
And we're talking --
I mean we're going back into
Roswell and such as well.
>> Paola: Yeah well, I think the
swamp gas explanation was used
for a case up in Michigan.
I'm not quite sure
exactly which case.
And Allen said he only had
24 hours to say something.
So the swamp gas explanation
was a way of dismissing it,
even though Allen himself
was very, very honest
and very curious, and did
excellent investigating.
But you know, you can't
walk both sides of the road.
You can't walk both sides --
>> Regina: Not in this field.
>> Paola: No.
You have to take a decision.
And he decided to leave
the Air Force program,
and start the Center for UFO
Studies, which is still going
in Evanston, Illinois.
>> Regina: And there was
some pretty cloudy research
that was done by the
Air Force at this time.
And a lot of this was in
response to those sightings --
well not sightings,
but supposed crashes
that have been well documented
in the 40s and into the 50s.
And wasn't it -- when did they
close down Project Blue Book?
It was -- it didn't last.
The project didn't
last that long.
>> Paola: Well I think it was --
it came to a head with the
Condon Committee Report here.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: In the
University of Colorado.
>> Regina: Yes.
Ridicules, yeah.
>> Paola: And I said, Colorado,
the university has
some karma there.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Paola: Because [chuckles] --
>> Regina: That was bad.
>> Paola: Because
well, that was 1969 --
>> Regina: So explain what
the Condon Report did,
so everyone has background
on this.
>> Paola: Alright.
Well the Air Force decided
to put a stop to everything
by just putting out
one statement.
And they hired Joseph
Condon and a team here
at the University of Colorado.
They were paid to supposedly
look into these cases.
And I don't know how they could
dismiss something like Maelstrom
or Air Force base, you know,
missile shutdown in 69.
They dismissed all of that and
Condon came out with a whitewash
in 1969 here in Colorado.
Well it upset everybody
because people that are
in serious research were hoping
for an honest assessment.
So that's how it got close.
That's how the Air Force
got out of the UFO business.
But you know, I'm still thinking
they're still interested.
They have to be because
whatever's
in the skies is of
their competence.
>> Regina: Oh it's not as
though the curiosity finished.
It's not as though even
the research finished.
It's that their public --
their statement to the
public was basically formed
at that time.
Which is ehh, it's
mostly not real.
It's not real.
There are explainable
answers for all of this.
So let's not look that
direction anymore.
But we know that they are
looking that direction.
And especially when
you go deeper
into the Black Ops projects
from the various
branches of the military.
Absolutely.
>> Paola: Well also it's a
matter of national security
because most of my interviews
and all my books
are military people.
Pilots and air traffic
controllers
that really are seriously
concerned with pilots
that are having these encounters
all over the world in the skies.
I mean that's a national
security issue.
So I don't -- you know, I
don't see where that is logical
that they would shut down
the investigation of this.
It might not be the Air Force
though that's looking into this.
It may be another agency.
>> Regina: Right.
Right. Okay so this
-- so that's what kind
of put you on your path.
But then you were
really intrepid,
I mean in following
up from there.
And you ended up in contact with
some really profound researchers
and experiencers in this field.
Including in the miliary.
>> Paola: Yeah I did.
And you know in the beginning
when I was with Dr. Hynek
and we would drive around
and listen to people.
And occasionally we'd listen
to people who had contact.
I remember saying to
him, that can't be.
I couldn't -- my database would
not take the contact scenario
into play.
I mean I've changed
so much in 30 years;
I've learned so much more.
But in those days I
said, are you kidding me?
I mean people taken aboard.
I mean I don't know where my
mind was at but it was so nuts
and bolts that -- and the reason
why I'm talking about this --
I think this happens to people.
Because when you realize
that this is real,
it changes your entire
paradigm of reality.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: It shakes you.
And right now, I mean
I think in a sense,
with a lot of our viewers we
may be preaching to the choir.
Other people are new
to this and it is very,
if not mind-expanding, mind
blowing even for a lot of people
when you start realizing how
alone we are not [chuckles].
We are not alone.
We have never been alone.
It's arguable as to who's
even indigenous to this planet
if you go far back enough.
But let's talk about you -- you
came into contact and dialog
and a relationship --
professional relationship
with a former Canadian
Defense Minister, Paul Hellyer.
Let's talk about that
for just a minute.
That was big.
>> Paola: Well I
was -- it was big.
And it goes with all
the credible witnesses
that are really interested
in this scenario.
I was invited to speak in
Canada with Paul Hellyer,
Stanton Freedman,
Richard Dolan,
and Steve Basset.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: But something
happened where I couldn't come.
I was living in Rome
at the time.
I've lived in Rome
from 1992 to 2005.
And I was ill and
I couldn't make it.
So on my own dime -- and
this is why I tell you --
on my own dime I flew to
Canada to interview him.
Because I saw the potential
for someone that credible
who was saying -- and the
quote is, "UFOs are as real
as the airplanes over our head."
That was the one quote he
said, and then he said that --
>> Regina: Then he was in a
position to clearly know that.
>> Paola: To know that.
>> Regina: Yes.
I mean he's Defense Minister.
He was Defense Minister
of Canada
when McNamara was Defense
Minister under Kennedy.
So I mean this is a man who is
clearly concerned and thinks
that what Colonel Corso
was saying in the day
after Roswell was absolutely
the most clear explanation
for the cover up.
Now we have to understand,
Colonel Philip Corso --
the book is "The Day
After Roswell" --
was the first to come out
and say the reason why this
information is occulted --
why it's kept secret -- is
because the United States,
since Roswell, and I
will add since 1940 --
since 1945 has really --
they have back-engineered
this technology.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: It's kept
in black projects.
And it would replace our current
economic system under oil
and petroleum and so forth.
So there is a real reason.
It's got nothing to
do with the aliens,
or with the downfall
of religion I think.
Because I also was involved
with Monsignor Balducci
of the Vatican.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: And I was also
involved because I lived in Rome
with that information.
It is a matter of economics.
That's the bottom line.
>> Regina: Okay.
So now let's talk about that.
Out of Philip Corso's work.
So explain who Philip
-- we have time to talk
about it before we go to
the story of Valient Thor.
>> Paola: Okay.
>> Regina: Okay.
So Philip Corso was tasked by
high-end command individual.
Was it Twining?
>> Paola: No it was
General Trudeau.
>> Regina: General Trudeau.
>> Paola: Yeah.
>> Regina: Okay.
By General Trudeau with making
sense out of filing cabinet full
of stuff -- pieces and
parts [background chuckles].
Interestingly, explain
what happened at the time,
because he was witness to the
bodies of the crash of Roswell.
>> Paola: Well actually
what happened was
that Colonel Corso throughout
his life had had experiences.
Hew as witness to bodies that
were transported by truck to Ft.
Riley, Kansas --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: -- in 1947.
And you know, the reason why
I'm not putting the word Roswell
on there is because we had
three crashes at that time.
We didn't just have
Roswell, we had --
>> Regina: I only bring it
up because it's the
most well known.
People know about this.
>> Paola: Yeah.
Yeah. We had several --
>> Regina: And you
can explain that.
Yes.
>> Paola: -- crashes and people
are going to ask, well how come?
Well because whatever was flying
around was extremely interested
in White Sands, the Trinity
Site, and the 501 bomb squadron,
which was housed in Roswell.
They're the ones that, you know,
that were involved
with the atomic bomb.
Whatever --
>> Regina: They're -- and the
ETs have traditionally been very
concerned about, and
kept a watchful eye
on the proliferation of
atomic weaponry on this --
around this planet
ever since then.
I mean this is ongoing.
>> Paola: Well it
changes the game.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: I mean here -- it
changes the game for everybody.
It certainly changed
the game for us.
I remember growing up in the 50s
and having to go under my desk
in case there was an atomic --
>> Regina: Yep.
>> Paola: -- you
know, I don't know --
I remember how scared
to death we were.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: But we
had reason to be.
Because then we had
the Cuban Missile --
we had all kinds of history.
>> Regina: And so meanwhile,
as that was escalating,
ET activity on this planet
was escalating as well.
And the military was
fully aware of it.
Because when things like Roswell
and the other crash sites
occurred, they were the first
on the spot, and they showed
everyone up really quickly.
Talk about what happened.
The body he saw in transport.
>> Paola: Well the body that
he saw -- well he was at Ft.
Riley, Kansas.
He was in charge
of the base there.
And one of the military
men said, well Colonel,
there came a cargo
and it's in --
and it's in the veterinary
quarters can you
imagine [chuckles]?
So --
>> Regina: [Chuckles]
with animals.
And it's a little ET.
>> Paola: I know [chuckles] and
Colonel Corso went in there,
lifted up the lid
-- the tarpaulin --
she said that there were --
there was a body there
that looked like a child,
but it had a very big head.
And he realized right away
that this was something
completely unusual.
He put the lid back on.
Told the gentlemen there
-- the military guy --
we've got to get out of here,
because this obviously
is something top secret.
But he said to me, he said,
"Well I put it in the back
of my mind because I knew I'd
come up with -- you know, I --
this would be something
in my future."
Now Colonel Corso was not lying.
He was telling the truth
about his involvement.
Because then in 1960s
-- in the 60s --
he received from General Trudeau
a what he called the "Nut File",
which had a lot of
artifacts from Roswell.
The ones he talks about
the most were the pens.
The ones that he said he --
that he thought the
batteries were missing.
But then he took it to Ft.
Belvoir, Maryland.
They put long low waves
on and the laser came out.
Now -- and to me he talked
about something else really
interesting you might want
to know.
He said, "I had -- "
he said, "A black --
it looked like a black covering"
he said, "That was a lens
that was over the
eye of the alien."
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: He said it
was a light collector.
And he said, "We used
to play with that lens.
We used to walk up and down
the halls of the Pentagon
and we could see the furniture."
And he said, "What I had were
the artifacts, but my job was
to go to major companies
-- " and he names them.
>> Regina: Military
contractors, Rockwell --
>> Paola: Yes.
>> Regina: I mean a lot of them.
Dell Laboratories --
>> Paola: He said to --
first of all to replicate it
for the benefit -- and he
uses the competitive edge
of the Army.
And the reason why I'm
telling you that is
because in 1945 it
was Army/Air Force.
So you don't think that
when they split up,
the Air Force went one way.
The Army went another way.
The Air Force didn't take
some stuff with them and --
>> Regina: Oh yeah.
My understanding is all
-- including the Navy --
they all have their artifacts
that they have back engineered.
>> Paola: They all had the --
they just didn't have a Corso.
>> Regina: They didn't
have a Corso.
And again, he was -- he had a
responsibility as being the head
of foreign technology
for the Army.
Which foreign technology
means [chuckles] --
>> Paola: Really
foreign [chuckles].
>> Regina: Foreign
technology [chuckles].
It doesn't mean from France.
>> Paola: No, so --
>> Regina: And so
that was his job.
I mean there was such
a division because --
>> Paola: Yes.
>> Regina: - this is real.
And so some of the
technologies that came
out of there are
really familiar to us.
Like Kevlar.
>> Paola: Right.
>> Regina: Kevlar,
which police wear
in bulletproof vests
for example.
Fiberoptics, right?
>> Paola: Fiberoptics.
Night screening devices.
>> Regina: Night screening.
Lasers --
>> Paola: Because the lens --
because of the lens
-- the lasers --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: The transistor.
>> Regina: Transistor.
>> Paola: Everybody went
after him for the transistor.
Because I remember the criticism
back then, they'd said,
oh well we've already got this.
I felt like saying,
'sure you already have it
because probably the Air
Force was working on it too
with contracts way
back before the Army.
Corso got it in the
60s, but I mean --
>> Regina: He got it in 61.
>> Paola: Right.
>> Regina: But by the time
63, 64, or 65 rolled around,
everyone had little
transistor radios.
>> Paola: Right.
>> Regina: So it's
possible you're saying,
that the Air Force or Navy --
>> Paola: Well sure!
>> Regina: -- had
probably put it down --
>> Paola: Yeah.
>> Regina: -- and it had
been worked on for years
to reverse engineer that.
>> Paola: Well logically, if
you get a craft and the first --
and my research in
the 1945 San Antonio,
New Mexico crash, which is real.
You're going to get
a crash three miles
from White Sands there.
You're not going to throw the
pieces in the trash are you?
>> Regina: Heck no [chuckles].
>> Paola: I mean what are
you going to do with it?
>> Regina: No.
>> Paola: You've
got to do something
with it; this isn't garbage.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: So, you know,
I'm wondering why people
aren't using logic --
more logic to look at this
phenomenon and the cover up.
Because obviously whatever we
had back then is going to be --
and we're talking 70 years ago.
Guess where we are today?
>> Regina: Well interestingly,
they wanted to make it clear
that this was a verboten
subject.
So everyone that came
out and talked about it
in a credible fashion,
and almost still
to this day really
was discredited.
So really it put such a horrid
sort of kind of giggle factor
around it, that it seemed
to me everyone was afraid.
They were afraid, A, they
had security clearances
that they were afraid to break
because that hadn't
carried a stiff penalty.
But in addition, on a
personal level, you didn't want
to be the one laughed
out of the Pentagon.
>> Paola: Yes.
And then we had an enemy then.
We had Russia.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: And the excuse was,
we don't want the Russians
to get it before we --
now I don't know mentally
[background chuckles] --
there are going to be
crashes in Russia too.
What are they thinking?
>> Regina: And clearly --
>> Paola: It wasn't just the
United States that had crashes.
So you're going to have
crashes in Russia also.
>> Regina: Well and
they're saying --
and a lot of the Germans --
the Germans were way
ahead in rocket science --
>> Paola: That's right.
>> Regina: They had their own
crashes prior to our crashes.
>> Paola: That's right.
>> Regina: Prior
to World War II.
And we're already developing
this rocket technology there.
>> Paola: Right.
>> Regina: Prior to this.
So I mean why do we think they
only crash in the US [chuckles]?
>> Paola: I know [chuckles].
Well also, people were
saying, well if they're
so advanced why do they crash?
Well in the case of
the New Mexico --
and it was New Mexico --
we had very powerful radar.
Colonel Corso told me that
the radar was so powerful
that at times he was asked
to shut down his radar
when he was head of Missile
Battalion in New Mexico.
He said, "I was asked
certain times
of the day to shut it down."
And I thought yeah,
because it brings --
it interferes with
the navigation --
>> Regina: I was going to say,
if those are electromagnetic
gravitational devices,
of course that kind of pulsing
would totally mess with them.
>> Paola: Right.
In those days.
Yeah. We're talking
in those days.
>> Regina: Yes.
In those days.
Yeah.
>> Paola: So we're talking
about the history of this,
which is so interesting.
I mean any journalist and
anybody that's interested
in the history of the planet
should be interested in this.
>> Regina: Absolutely.
Well if you want to take it
a little further you can go
into the caves, for example, of
some of the indigenous people
in -- anywhere really, whether
it's Hopiland, whether it's
in Australia; parts of Europe.
And you will find these
depictions of what appear
to be visitors from outer space.
All of them with
the enlarged heads.
Often with the enlarged eyes.
That's just one particular
kind of visitor.
Some were very tall
and, you know, thin.
And we're going to get into this
in a minute because there's --
that obviously has always been
there, but there was this period
of time when it wasn't
being done like that.
And that's what intrigues me
about the Valient Thor story.
>> Paola: Yeah.
>> Regina: And I didn't know
who else I could talk to about
that other than you [chuckles].
>> Paola: Well they're gone.
See the problem with the Valient
Thor story, or the contactees
of the 50s, in America
in particular is
that they've been dismissed.
Because what happens
around them, you know,
waiting for the space
brothers to land,
is an idea that there's some
kind of fanatical group,
whatever, around those contacts.
Although those contacts
were real.
Otherwise they wouldn't
have made this up.
And the 50s were very important,
especially in Southern
California.
And we're dealing
with Adamski --
which has been written
off in the United States.
The Adamski visitations
were real.
Adamski lived near Mt.
Palomar in San Diego.
There are witnesses that saw
the craft with Orthon the being,
you know, the blonde being
that walked off the craft.
Put his foot down in the sand
so that George Hunt
Williamson could take a cast
of his footprint -- of the boot.
And that's for real.
That's evidence as
far as I know.
>> Regina: Mm-hmm.
>> Paola: And the message
is the same one that appears
in the movie "The Day
the Earth Stood Still".
>> Regina: "The Day
Yeah [chuckles].
>> Paola: People don't realize
that had some real
backing behind it.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Paola: That had intelligence
behind that production.
Yeah. Because -- you know,
and a lot of these --
and I've read their books.
Howard Menger's book, and
Adamski --
I had to go back and read them.
I don't know how to
encourage people --
because I'm an educator.
I just can't guess,
and I'm not going
on internet second-hand sources.
So you have to read
the old books.
Because Adamski and
Desmond Leslie.
Now Desmond Leslie --
I met him in person
when Colonel Corso
came to Italy.
Sir Desmond Leslie was an RAF
pilot who helped write the book,
"Flying Saucers Have
Landed" with Adamski.
And he wasn't lying.
I mean he wrote this book --
>> Regina: So let's go
back to the message --
the same message in --
for if you have not seen "The
Day the Earth Stood Still",
it is a must for anyone
interested in the subject.
Absolutely wonderful
movie from the 50s.
So let's talk about the
message in the movie
that in fact has been the
message, interestingly,
of virtually everyone who
claims to have had ET contact.
>> Paola: Well can I ask you,
how did you like the movie?
What did you pull
away from the movie?
>> Regina: Well personally, I
mean I related to the message.
I've never found any
of it frightening.
>> Paola: Okay.
>> Regina: I don't find
these scenarios frightening.
When people were running scared,
and everything just stopped
and went into --
basically into a state
of paralysis while he
delivered his message,
I personally was
very uplifted by it.
I didn't find it threatening.
It's like, the people
need to understand we had
to take a new look at ourselves;
a new level of maturity
for the human race.
And then when we're talking
about the extended messages
of our planet and
ecosystems and environment,
who can argue with that?
We may not agree on some of the
agendas that are out there --
you know, global
warming and all that --
but the fact that there
was ecological damage
that was very solidly underway
by this time -- by the 40s, 50s,
and 60s -- and we were
being given this kind
of information from
other sources.
I think we should have paid
closer attention rather
than turning it just into
a spooky sci-fi scenario.
>> Paola: Well we can talk
about Hollywood forever,
but you know --
>> Regina: Well Hollywood --
a lot of major players in
Hollywood were very well aware
of this, and you
know who they were.
But let's -- again the
message was from --
before we get to Val Thor --
because I mean Val Thor was
basically giving the same
message [chuckles].
>> Paola: [Chuckles] yeah.
>> Regina: In fact, when
these events were occurring
in Southern California out
in the desert, there were --
let's talk about the stars
who were aware of it.
>> Paola: Okay.
Well, I think that
first of all the --
George Van Tassel was
probably the most important
for people to study first.
George Van Tassel had leased
an airport near Landers,
California.
And there right in that area
which we call Giant Rock.
But Giant Rock a rock that
is split, but it happened
to be a Native American,
spiritual --
>> Regina: Giant rock.
>> Paola: Yeah.
It was a Native American site.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Paola: Because
Native Americans --
if you study and start
connecting the dots.
>> Regina: Well they
have connections
with the star people.
>> Paola: That's right.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: And also
with the esoteric.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: With dimensional
phenomenon.
And when we talk about UFOs
or sightings, let's call it --
as John Keel called it,
dimensional phenomenon.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: So George Van Tassel
had leased the airport there
near Giant Rock, and one day
while he was sleeping outside
in that area, a craft landed.
A man came out.
Walked over to George
Van Tassel and said,
"Would you like to come
aboard and see the craft?"
And he went aboard.
And from that point on, he
received the same message
that contemporarily
Howard Menger,
who lived in High Bridge, New
Jersey received when he went
into the forest behind
his home in High Bridge,
and this craft landed and
these blonde people came out.
And they said the same thing.
They said, "In California, we
want you to meet the people
that are working there."
And these are human aliens.
They're people --
>> Regina: That's why
we're bringing this up.
>> Paola: Yeah.
>> Regina: Just like in "The
Day the Earth Stood Still".
>> Paola: Well yeah --
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Paola: -- they're human
and I mean human looking.
They're -- but it's
really interesting
because the Menger book
for me is fascinating.
>> Regina: What is the
name of the Menger book?
>> Paola: "From Outer
Space to You".
>> Regina: Okay.
>> Paola: And the
thing is, that the --
Howard said that when he
went to see them, he --
they asked that he --
they cut their hair.
That he cut their hair.
Because it wasn't the hippie
movement yet [chuckles] --
>> Regina: Right.
Right.
>> Paola: -- okay?
So they had long, blonde hair.
And he would cut the hair
for them, and he also says,
"I didn't keep any of
it out of respect."
But he also gave them clothes.
Which meant that they
could mix around the people
in the New Jersey area.
And in the context
that he had there,
he began to relay their message.
And the message is the one that
you've been talking about, okay?
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: The message is,
"Watch what you're doing.
Your technology is
out of control.
Unless you evolve
spiritually -- "
>> Regina: That's right.
>> Paola: "-- with the
technology, you're going to have
such a huge imbalance
that there's going
to be tragedy on this planet."
>> Regina: Well it's
happening right now.
I mean if you look at a map
of the nuclear explosions
that started happening
from that time forward --
from the 40s forward -- in fast
motion, it's pretty shocking.
When you see the
animations, boom!
Boom! Year-by-year --
>> Paola: Right.
>> Regina: -- pop!
Pop! All over the world and the
oceans, these were atomic blasts
that were happening,
already poisoning the seas
and the lands and the so forth.
And now you look at
the accident of --
well Chernobyl first
and now Fukushima --
>> Paola: Right, Fukushima.
>> Regina: -- which is
no end in sight on that.
They were right.
>> Paola: They were right,
and it's not on America.
It was India and France --
>> Regina: It was everywhere.
>> Paola: France did
800 H Bomb tests --
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Paola: -- off
the Bikini Atoll.
I don't know why we need 800.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: Because I interviewed
someone that was present there,
and he told me that -- about
the flyovers of the UFOs.
He said they never did anything,
but they would fly over.
So I really have talked to
a lot of military personnel
who were present
during this time.
They know.
It's just that I think
we've got out of control
and there's a certain insanity
about the way we do
things on this planet.
I don't know how the
beings are judging us
because it isn't
making any sense.
>> Regina: No.
No it's not.
Especially if you've
had any kinds of heads
up about exactly what was
going to happen and we have,
including the military.
So let's start -- let's move
into Val Thor -- Valient Thor.
>> Paola: Well --
>> Regina: And these beings.
Tell the story.
How they arrived.
How he ended up at the Pentagon.
Who he was in contact with.
Tell us the story.
>> Paola: Well I put
the pictures of Val Thor
on my Facebook and had
like an incredible amount
of [chuckles] people interested.
And what had happened,
those pictures that are
on Facebook are a result of
a lecture that Howard Menger
and his first wife, Rose, had
at High Bridge in New Jersey.
And I have the audio
tapes of the photographer
who took Val Thor and
his two friends pictures.
>> Regina: And he's the very
handsome one with the dark hair.
>> Paola: Yeah.
>> Regina: And he's with this
beautiful blonde woman, his --
>> Paola: Named Jill.
>> Regina: Named Jill.
And what was his
other -- the other --
>> Paola: That's his brother.
That's his brother.
>> Regina: -- male companion
-- that's his brother?
>> Paola: It's -- his name is
Donn, but it's spelled D-O-N-N.
>> Regina: D-O-N-N.
All very beautiful human beings.
>> Paola: People.
So --
>> Regina: Well, or
not [chuckles] --
>> Paola: I saw the
-- I saw the picture
and from the Wendell Steven's
archive, one of my friends,
Joe Fex had purchased
the Wendell Steven's archive,
and he let me hear the
tape of the photographer
and how the photographer
reacted to them.
Because there was the lecture
in High Bridge, New Jersey.
There was Menger who's
talking with his wife, Rose,
and all these people -- and
you'll see in the photograph --
of all the people at the --
they were on his property.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: And the photographer
was told that there were going
to be three beings that
were not from this planet.
And he had to guess
which ones they were.
He was not told where
they were sitting.
He was not told who they
were [background chuckles].
So there are about 100 pictures
that August Roberts
took that day.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: And I've heard
August Roberts voice saying,
"Well these three
were sitting there,
and they had a whole
different vibration.
And people were very
fascinated -- "
>> Regina: Yeah and you can see
in the background of the photo
that people are looking at them
out of the corner of their eye.
They're very fascinated
with these people --
>> Paola: Yeah.
>> Regina: -- these beings.
>> Paola: These beings.
And he said, "They reminded
me of Hollywood actors."
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: That's what
the photographer said.
So he said, "Subtly, I
took pictures of them
so they would not be disturbed.
And I did not go up to them,
but I took these photos."
Now these photos are historic
because the one gentleman
that is sitting on the
outside that has all the pads
of paper there, is Valient Thor.
And the story of Valient Thor
comes through a book called,
"Stranger in the Pentagon"
by Frank Stranges --
>> Regina: Frank Stranges.
>> Paola: Frank Stranges.
Who gives his account
of being at the Pentagon
and meeting this gentleman --
this very handsome
gentleman named Valient Thor.
Valient knew Frank's name.
He went to shake hands with him
and Frank said he didn't
have any fingerprints.
And his -- he says his
skin was like baby skin.
And he also found out later
on that he didn't
have a bellybutton.
>> Regina: No umbilical --
>> Paola: He didn't have --
>> Regina: No need for
an umbilical chord.
>> Paola: No.
And that what Val had told him
was that they had a mother ship
that was cloaked on
Lake Meade, near Nevada.
And that there were
a lot of his people.
Now he said he was
at the Pentagon there
to talk to the military.
To explain -- to -- there
had to be a little bit
of a technology exchange because
in every story I've ever done
that has any kind of
extraterrestrials involved,
they're -- you don't get
something for nothing.
You know? They give you --
they will talk to you or they
will have a technology exchange,
or that's why they're
here and so forth.
So I think Val made
an attempt in the 50s.
And I really do believe
that at that time --
because you've got to
look at who was President.
There was Eisenhower and Nixon.
>> Regina: And he was aware.
>> Paola: He was aware already
because of the Holloman
landing in the 50s.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: Which I
believe did happen.
There's film footage of that.
And those beings
that came off --
I want to be clear about this --
that came off the craft there
during the Holloman landing were
not Grays.
They were people.
>> Regina: Right.
Right.
>> Paola: And they also --
what they had said to Eisenhower
was look, you know, you're going
in a dangerous direction.
Could you please be
careful with the use
of nuclear on this planet.
You could destroy yourselves.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: And he responded,
"My hands are tied.
It is now in the military
industrial complex."
>> Regina: That's right.
>> Paola: And two speeches
he made just before he --
>> Regina: "Beware".
>> Paola: "Beware".
I can't do anything.
When you talk to all the
politicians and the people
in power today they'll
tell you the same thing.
I can't do a darn
thing about it.
It is deep black.
It's in the military
industrial complex.
Which means that it has to
do, not only with economics,
but control of the
planet's energy systems.
So we've got, you know, because
I mean if we had this kind
of technology [chuckles]
it would be a game changer
like totally.
And that is why Paul Hollier
has been very active.
And he's 90 years old.
Speaking at these
conferences and speaking
at the Citizen Hearing.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: For people
to pay attention.
>> Regina: Right.
Steven Bassets at that event --
>> Paola: Right.
>> Regina: -- Washington, DC.
Yes.
>> Paola: He was there.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: And he
said, "Pay attention
because you have the ability
to change the paradigm."
And I think eventually it will.
I think whoever's --
who has this technology
and whoever is doing the
micromanaging will realize
that unless it gets changed,
there will be no world
for our children's
children's children.
>> Regina: And that's the ET
message has essentially been now
for 6 decades -- 7 decades.
And going back to Val Thor.
It's interesting because
when you speak to people
that study extraterrestrials
and the connection
with Venus -- and he said --
>> Paola: Yeah.
>> Regina: -- that they
had come from Venus.
>> Paola: Well, not only he,
but Menger said that the blondes
that came off his craft --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: -- had said
they were from Venus too.
>> Regina: Yes.
And that is significant
because people
who research this field
always talk about how gracious
and beautiful, and how high
the energy is about the beings
that succumb -- that
come through from Venus.
And this gets
into a conversation I was
having the other day with
Drumbelow.
And I -- we were
talking about --
in fact we got -- I recorded it.
Talking about his process
of becoming a walk-in
into a human form.
And he explained this
intricate process that happens,
a kind of a step-down process
from whichever dimensional
field a person's from.
They're bringing through this
high intention; this high energy
from another dimensional field.
And we think you
can just kind of pop
in to physical reality
with no issues.
And in fact, the ones
that did come, he said,
went through the process of
coming through -- in his case --
the crab nebula behind Orion.
And then going in through
Sirius and the final stop was --
and then the pleiades.
And then the final
process of densification
into physicality -- stepping
down into physicality
in these lower dimensional
fields was Venus.
So when I was thinking
of Val Thor
and these beautiful
beings, I was flashing back.
He said this was the normal
process for beings who came
to work with those on Earth.
Was ending up coming -- and
I hadn't heard that before.
Coming through Venus
to the Earth.
>> Paola: And it
wasn't just in America.
Your story's real interesting
because Venus appears
to be the logical place.
But in the 1950s -- 1956 --
Lugenia Cidacuza,
who was on the island of Sicily,
who was the Adamski of Italy --
everybody in Italy
knows Lugenia Cidacuza.
He also met these
blonde people who came
and gave him the same message.
And they said they
came from Venus.
>> Regina: Okay.
So there might -- and not
only that, when we're looking
at those particular planetary
systems, Orion, Sirius,
the Pleiades, all of that goes
deep into Egyptian studies.
And beyond Atlantaen studies.
There was a very close
tie between these places.
And from the Dogon
tribe out of Africa.
The very deep connection
with Sirius.
So everything he
said were the planets
that have commonly been either
depicted, or talked about,
or embedded in lore throughout
history for the human species.
So there has to be some
connection going on there.
>> Paola: Yeah I believe that.
And I also believe that
they probably called Venus
something different.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: Because the problem
that the beings have --
I mean I did another case,
the Charles Hall case --
when he asked the alien woman
where they came from, she said,
"What difference does it make?
Because you wouldn't
know where it was
because we call it
different than you do."
And I think that we need to
remember a couple of things.
Number one, that this is
not an American phenomenon.
So all those contactees in the
50s weren't just in America.
If you want to go to Latin
America and start doing research
on UFOs and contact,
most of the --
>> Regina: Oh yes.
>> Paola: -- Six
topas.
The --
>> Regina: Brazil, Mexico, yeah.
>> Paola: All the
contacts that happened
in South America were
human-type aliens.
People that came off the craft.
Six topas used to bring all the
people with them and they used
to go out in the desert.
The craft landed and these
people would come off
and it was normal.
In Latin America.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: Okay?
And Luis Fernando Mostajo who
was in Bolivia, he also --
he had contact with
these people.
Why is it -- I'm going to
ask you the question --
why is it in the United States
that UFologies characterize
commercially
with the alien Gray
abduction scenario,
and nobody goes backwards
to look
at who really were
giving us the messages.
And who, in Latin America,
are still doing it.
>> Regina: Well that's
why I wanted
to do this interview with you.
Because we've all -- our brains
have been co-opted with imagery
with Grays, of you know,
preying mantis types
of beings [chuckles]
and so forth.
We're only seeing these exotic,
very foreign looking entities.
And that's what's
being propagated by,
not just Hollywood, but also
really the industry itself
of UFology.
A lot of that has
been put forward --
>> Paola: Well you're --
>> Regina: And television
shows that are ongoing, so --
>> Paola: Yeah you used
the word "industry"
which is really interesting
because Steven Greer uses the
word "commercial UFology".
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: And you
know, I have so many --
so much respect for the
researchers that are, you know,
part of the whole
entire UFO movement.
But being a teacher and having
an educational background,
my thoughts are how
did this all start?
Who are we really talking about?
Let's look at other countries.
Let's look at the thing from
the -- well ancient aliens.
Look how ancient aliens has
become an educational method
to prove UFology
going backwards.
So the whole Val Thor scenario
I call "Back to the future".
>> Regina: Now how long was
Val Thor at the Pentagon?
>> Paola: From what I understand
talking to the Director,
Craig Campobasa,
who's doing the movie,
"Stranger at the Pentagon" --
>> Regina: It's so cool.
>> Paola: He never went home.
>> Regina: Okay.
>> Paola: He's still around.
I mean why -- from
what I understand
because Craig Campobasa
was telling me
that he has the documents
from Frank Stranges' wife --
I think it's his third wife
-- he has all those documents
and there's no proof that he --
>> Regina: That he ever left.
>> Paola: He ever left.
That basically if they
have a craft that's near --
and everybody wants to
go now to Lake Meade
and see if they can see it.
>> Regina: Right.
Right.
>> Paola: And they want
to go -- but Las Vegas --
well, you know, when
I think about --
I've done so many
stories around Las Vegas.
When I think about that
place, if the beings think
that that's planet Earth
[chuckles], they are going
to think that we are crazy.
>> Regina: Take a few snaps
and go back to their planet
and say, whoa [chuckles]!
>> Paola: I know.
But -- I know because Las
Vegas is very close to Nellis.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: It's very
close to Area 51.
>> Regina: Yes it is.
>> Paola: The Cherisol case,
which I did with the Tall
White Aliens, is right there
in Indian Springs,
right out of Vegas.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: And the --
he was 65, so they came
into Vegas these beings.
I'm thinking, good
grief [chuckles]!
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Paola: You know [chuckles].
>> Regina: Ka-ching.
Okay, so let's talk about
Dr. John Mack for a moment.
Okay? Because now what we're
establishing here is we
love him.
It just makes my
heart, you know,
hurt to think he's not here.
Everybody who ever
met the man --
>> Paola: Loves him.
>> Regina: -- loves John Mack.
Universally loved.
And he was a very,
very brave soul.
He chose to take on this
subject of alien abduction while
at the head of clinical
psychology
at Harvard University.
He suffered as a result
of choosing to do this.
And he did it because at the
request of another person
who was a researcher
in this field, right?
And he started looking
into the cases of some
of these people claiming
to have been abducted.
Now you pick the
story up from there
because his research
is very well-respected.
>> Paola: Well I
met John Mack --
actually he came to
Italy to a conference
in Florence just before he died.
And I spent three or
four days with him.
And he explained to me that he
had learned so much from this
because some of his patients
were coming in, you know,
and he said, "You need to
listen to witness testimony."
He says, "They were
telling the truth."
So he -- first books were
on abduction, and that means
that we're dealing
also with the,
you know, the Gray scenario.
And he said to me, well, he
said, "You know lately --
" and this was just
before he died.
This was around 2005.
He says, "Lately what I've
been getting for people
that have come in to my practice
-- " And he's a psychiatrist.
He's not just a psychologist.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: He said, "People who
tell me they've been contacted
and directly downloaded."
Which means that they --
in their dreams and
in their thoughts,
they are being contacted by --
and maybe it's certainly
not the same group
that did the physical abductions
or the DNA testing
that was done.
He said -- so he said, "Paola,
the big problem that we have
in accepting all of this -- "
and he stepped up to the plate.
Colonel Corso stepped
up to the plate --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: -- so did Paul
Hellyer; some of the greats.
He said, "The problem
I'm having," he says,
"Is talking to people that
we must change our world view
in order to accommodate
this reality."
It's not that we put
this reality in the box
that we already have, we
have to change the box.
We have to change
the world view.
It forces you to shatter your
paradigm that you live in.
>> Regina: It does.
>> Paola: It's earth shattering.
So that's -- and personally,
if people don't want to talk
about it, I'm not
going to talk about it
because they're not ready
to shatter their paradigm,
because you have to have
something to put in place
after your paradigm
gets shattered.
But I really want to encourage
people on a philosophical level
to look at what this phenomenon
does to our world view.
And if maybe it's time for us
to join the cosmic cultures.
>> Regina: You think?
I mean it's -- I mean
I suppose because both
of us have been interested
in this for so many years.
For decades now.
It seems so overdue.
But there are always
what you'd call
in marketing terms,
"Early adopters".
And so in these fields we happen
to be among early adopters
as are many of our viewers.
Other people are just
now coming to this.
And you have to really wait
until the masses are ready
to start accepting a paradigm
shift before you can ever do
anything with it.
There's no point.
It won't take hold until that
time has come where there's
that deep saturation
and consciousness.
But what's kind of a
bummer about this is
that as we're maturing,
finally, coming to the point.
And I mean certainly Fukushima
pushed us into the need
for that kind of clear
thinking and maturity.
At the same time,
the entertainment industry
is pumping out nothing
but one fright scenario
after another.
And then we hear about the
horrid alien abductions that --
where everything has been
very painful and frightening.
That has a -- that's a whole --
that has a subtext
to it as well.
Because even John
Mack in dealing
with the abductees said they
all seem to still have this --
they had often expanded
abilities after that.
They ended up having a
deep reverence and respect
for the beings that had
shown them all of this
and opened these
gateways for them.
So it's not just the
black and white issue.
But Hollywood's making
it black and white.
And we have a new
generation of people coming
up thinking transhumanism
is going
to be the big thing
of the future.
Or we're going to be
taken over by aliens.
>> Paola: You know, when people
say we're going to be taken
over by aliens, I don't even
pay attention to them anymore.
It's so ridiculous.
I mean --
>> Regina: I know, but --
>> Paola: -- they would
have taken over --
they would have taken us
over when we exploded the
atomic bomb, I mean --
>> Regina: [Chuckles]
the first one.
>> Paola: You know, I'm very
interested in the vision
that Roddenberry
had of Star Trek.
Because I think that, you know,
for all that Hollywood did,
the Roddenberry scenario
is played out world wide.
There are more Trekkies out
there than [chuckles] --
>> Regina: Yes.
Yes.
>> Paola: -- I've
ever seen in my life.
You even see the
fanatical point of view.
But that means that it
struck a chord of truth.
The whole Star Trek.
Which means that we're
part of a federation.
Let's get a clue here.
And unless we have some kind
of dialog that is compassionate
and respectful, we're
not going to be able
to dialog among the stars.
I mean dialog to the people.
I mean they don't even want
to have contact -- who --
why would you want
to have contact
with some other people
[chuckles] that are, you know --
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: -- walking
around right now.
So Hollywood is a mixture.
I don't see Hollywood as being
all bad, because I see films
that Spielberg made initially
opening the door for me.
"Close Encounters"
opened the door.
>> Regina: Oh yeah.
And also "ET".
>> Paola: "ET" -- and then
before he died, you know,
Carl Sagan wrote "Contact".
>> Regina: Yes.
And there were some
beautiful things.
>> Paola: Yes.
>> Regina: Beautiful
movies and especially
through -- from the 80s.
And even some lovely
things in through the 90s.
And films like "Powder".
One of my favorite
films ever, "Powder".
But that's not kind of --
what's going on right
now is what I'm saying.
Right now it seems to be a much
harsher, more powerless kind
of scenario that's
being put out there.
>> Paola: Well you know,
this is the problem even
with talking about UFOs.
The first thing I say when I go
on stage is, I'm not Disneyland
and I'm not entertainment.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: I'm not
here to entertain.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: So maybe what
people want is entertainment.
And that's what they're getting.
>> Regina: That's true.
There you -- that's true --
>> Paola: They're getting
entertainment [chuckles].
You know, I mean because like --
>> Regina: Because the
other requires a good amount
of research.
It takes personal
responsibility and maturity --
>> Paola: Right.
>> Regina: -- to take this
subject on and its implications.
Now let's talk about disclosure.
We have Steven Greer's
discloser from 2001.
And all the way up through the
more recent disclosure projects.
Where have you been present?
What do you think the hope
is coming out of them?
And what do you see the
disappointments being --
coming out of them as well?
>> Paola: Well, the first thing
about any kind of movement
or any kind of research is,
you know there's no
money around this.
And the problem is that
I really admire somebody
like Steven Greer that
crowd-funded the movie "Sirius".
And that was the people's movie.
So it's not in movie theaters
because the people paid for it.
And they can have it.
And they can screen it.
And I was a consultant
on that film.
So two years ago I
was out at Crestone,
Colorado with Amardeep
Keleka, the director.
And he was so shocked by some
of the things he suffered.
They forgot to turn
on the cameras.
I mean there is so much
activity in the San Luis valley.
And when we were out
there with Steven Greer,
that you don't need any
other proof [chuckles].
>> Regina: Okay so
tell me about that.
What kind of activity
was happening --
>> Paola: Well, you know --
>> Regina: -- in the background.
>> Paola: First of all,
let's say that the difference
between Steven and any
other CE5 protocols is
that he does Apoosha Ceremony
in Sanskrit.
So there's a heavy
amount of meditation --
>> Regina: Yes there is.
>> Paola: And silence.
I've been other places where
people are yelling, screaming,
and acting crazy
when they see a UFO.
And I'm wondering what
they're thinking up there.
But Steven requires silence.
And he requires a mental
connection with whatever's there
to invite them respectfully
into the space.
So he's doing --
his CE5 protocols --
I talk about it in all my
books because they are --
in fact, we should be using
them at the United Nations.
We should be using them on Earth
not just for cosmic cultures.
But we saw a craft the second
day that was over our heads.
It was flashing.
And everybody was --
they were in shock,
but then there were two
F16s, one from one side
and one from the other --
>> Regina: [Chuckles] yeah.
>> Paola: -- that came
towards the craft.
And the craft right away you
saw it -- it's in the film.
Goes right into the clouds, and
everybody broke out in tears.
Now I am positive that those
pilots did not know what the
target was.
They were told to go
to a certain target --
you're not going to tell
the pilot, hey you know,
there's a -- go -- because
they're going to go,
what am I going to do?
Shoot at it?
What?
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: So there's these
two planes coming in .
There's this craft over
our heads that had been
over there -- over our heads
for about four minutes.
And the minute these craft --
these planes came in
the craft just shot off.
Now what we were seeing
there was very controlled
because he has the map
of all the satellites.
All the flights and everything.
While we were out
there those six days,
we saw so much phenomenon
it was incredible.
But not only in the
skies; on the Earth.
>> Regina: Okay.
Now I've been out with them too
each time for 6 days a couple
of times and that -- that's
what fascinated me the most.
Because when he takes
you into this quiet,
meditated space beforehand
to start connecting,
and also for remote
viewing purposes.
You're able to tap into
the entire field --
if you're intuitive you
tap into the entire field.
And I always found my intuition
was greatly enhanced by the way.
Going out in the field
with Steven Greer's group,
I could kind of see
whatever I wanted to.
And one thing I kept
seeing and --
was that we're looking for
these signs from fly-bys right?
>> Paola: Right.
>> Regina: When in fact,
just slightly phased
off this density,
there are UFOs all around.
>> Paola: Yeah.
>> Regina: They're out
in the field behind --
in each of these
weeks I went out --
>> Paola: Yeah.
>> Regina: -- they
were around us.
They were nearby showing
themselves in the crags
when we were outside
of 29 Palms.
They're all over the place.
We just can't see them
with our daytime eyes.
We can't see them.
The cameras can't
even pick them up.
They're all over.
This is not anything new.
It's not anything frightening.
This whole thing about,
you know, they're going --
as you said jokingly,
that they're going to come
and take over humanity.
No they're gently, quietly
sitting all over the place.
>> Paola: Yeah.
And you know, you're
exceptionally sensitive.
So you have that
benefit of seeing.
I saw only because we used
about well, 20 cameras.
And we saw the photos
the next day.
>> Regina: Oh yeah.
Some of them do -- some of
them I've seen would later show
up on film.
>> Paola: On the film.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Paola: Yeah the beings.
And I have to say, in the
Wendell Stevens archive,
there is a picture
of Howard Menger
and Connie that's all light.
You see their head, their arms.
But you don't see the
being, they're all light.
>> Regina: You don't
see the being, yeah.
>> Paola: No.
And I was shocked because
they had their picture taken.
I'm sure they were putting
their arms around a real person.
>> Regina: [Chuckles] right.
>> Paola: But on the film
all you see is the two arms,
the two legs, the head and --
>> Regina: It's just
a different density.
>> Paola: Yeah.
>> Regina: And of course the
film then didn't have the
capabilities of digital
film today.
And then of course we have the
night cams and everything else
where you can see a
tremendous amount of activity
with the night cams,
but you can also see it
with your inside eyes.
There's that other
photograph you have
out of Wendell Steven's archive
of that lit up, powered up UFO.
What is that picture about?
>> Paola: Well the -- he --
August Roberts had
a series of photos,
and they were mostly
from Howard Menger.
Because the Menger archive
is incredible the amount --
but then remember --
well what's that about?
The UFO propulsion system.
I mean I've been trying to
figure out for the longest time,
why in outer space we're
seeing these things
that look like amoeba.
The power up that are all light.
These light balls
-- balls of light.
And that's what the
name of my book is,
"How Does One Speak
to a Ball of Light?"
That maybe transform
from light energy.
Because you've got wave
and particle situation
there to a solid.
And they're able to do that.
And I'm sure we're
able to do that too --
>> Regina: Well that's
why people say --
>> Paola: -- but we
just don't find it out.
>> Regina: No and people -- and
see them blinking in and out.
You'll see one and then boom!
Gone.
>> Paola: Yeah but
I'm sure we can do --
see anymore I'm positive --
>> Regina: Well I'm sure we can.
>> Paola: -- that
this kind of science,
which we think is
magic, is real.
And we're just not seeing it.
>> Regina: It's just physics.
>> Paola: Yeah.
We're not seeing it because
it's been put in other projects.
The -- because for some reason,
you know, the timing is --
they've got the timing
under wraps.
Whenever all this is supposed
to come out, we'll be sitting --
having a glass of wine
saying, well we told you so.
We knew it.
But we couldn't prove
it because in 2000 --
and you know [background
chuckles] --
in 2013 we were talking about
it, but they didn't decide
to tell you about it yet.
>> Regina: Well in Steven
Greer's original disclosure
at the National Press
Club, right?
In Washington, DC
that was attended
by media all over the world.
I was shocked how many people
from media sources
were in that room.
And in fact, at that time
it was said to have had,
on their webcasts, was
said to have logged
on the largest audience that the
National Press Club had ever had
outside of the famous
blue dress.
Monica Lewinsky's blue dress
[chuckles] announcement.
And so -- but those
transmissions went
out very quickly.
There were people on the
roof and everybody --
the conference was aware, those
people at home were not going
to be able to see
this happening.
>> Paola: Well we
heard it in Italy.
I -- we were all on a --
because he had come to Italy
and he had photographed --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: -- all
our military people.
I helped him with that.
>> Regina: So you got the audio.
>> Paola: We got the audio.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Paola: But that's
all over the world.
See what shocks me -- and I
don't know as a journalist
if it shocks you is,
we know this is real.
>> Regina: Absolutely.
And everyone in the
room knew it was.
>> Paola: And what else do
we need to know -- do here?
>> Regina: I know.
It gets to the point
where it's like,
why are we even still
talking about this?
>> Paola: I mean the
citizen hearing had 40 --
it had 40 people.
It had 39 men; one woman,
Linda Moultenhow.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Paola: And most of the
people were from Latin America.
And they were Generals
[chuckles] --
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: They were people in
the military from Latin America.
Roberta Pinote was there from
Italy.
There were people from France.
There were people from England.
But most of them were
credible witnesses, so --
>> Regina: Same thing
in disclosure.
It was mostly military personnel
and then civilian personnel --
>> Paola: Right.
>> Regina: -- that were with
the airline industry and so on.
And the thing is, I remember
this one person stood
up in the audience who had
come and said, "If this is --
" after each one gave testimony.
And I was behind the
scenes with these people.
And I saw some of them crying.
Especially the older military
men who were way past the end
of their career, but they were
still proudly wearing their
epaulets and so forth,
crying because they had
publically broken their national
security vow --
>> Paola: Right.
>> Regina: -- which
they had lived
in fear of their whole lives.
To be witch hunted.
Have their pensions taken away;
their families may be
harmed or something.
And these were brave
enough people.
They were shaking and stood
up and gave this information.
And so this one person
said, well if this is true,
how come we're not seeing it?
Why don't -- why
doesn't any of the news
around the world report on it?
And a man from the ABC
affiliate in Washington DC
who was there stood up, and
he said I'll tell you why.
I'm reporting on it right now.
My editor is not
going to let this
on the news tonight
[background chuckles].
They're not going to let it on.
And I know from -- as a news
anchor, I tried to report on it.
That was, I don't know,
almost 30 years ago.
It wasn't allowed.
I was not allowed to do that.
>> Paola: Well, we're
doing the best we can
under the circumstances
[chuckles].
What can we do?
>> Regina: So there -- all
you have are these alternative
media outlets.
So --
>> Paola: Yeah.
>> Regina: -- anyway, we know
these events have happened.
>> Paola: Right.
>> Regina: Amazing events
by brave characters all
across the board,
including organizers.
Now let's talk about you.
Because you want to
put an event together
in a different kind of way.
I want to know your
motivation for that.
What the event's about.
And why you're doing it
that way and what do you see
as maybe not being
very effective in some
of the previous events that
have occurred in conferences.
>> Paola: Well first
of all let me say
that I don't want any
commercialized little Gray
or anything representing
traditional UFology.
Since I'm an educator, what I'd
like to have is an intelligent
-- like we're doing here.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: An intelligent
dialog about what to do.
And you and I have
talked about this before.
And we need -- and we'll talk
about it maybe at the end
of the program, we need to go
to consciousness studies, okay?
The rise in consciousness.
Because this is where
everybody's going.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: This is where all the
great researchers are going.
This is where the ETs
wanted us to go anyway.
But I -- in Chicago, Illinois
in 2006 there was a UFO
over Gate C17 United
Airlines terminal.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: And there were --
it was there for four minutes,
so everybody that
was there saw it.
Okay, and CNN had to cover it,
but who really broke the
story was Hilkovich
of the "Chicago Tribune".
There's another journalist,
you know.
And pilots that came
in saw the craft.
The craft went up
through the clouds
and punched a hole
through the crowds.
I don't believe that
craft was our stuff.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: I believe that
craft was making some kind
of statement over an airport.
And I -- and since
then the airport
in China has been closed
three times because of UFOs.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Paola: And when I
was living in Italy,
Fiumicino had two UFO
sightings that was so obvious
that they reported
it on the news.
But nobody cares in Italy.
I mean you could -- they
reported all UFOs in Italy
because that's common --
>> Regina: Right.
So it's common news there.
>> Paola: Yeah it's
everyday stuff.
>> Regina: Yeah.
So where do you see -- we
only have a couple minutes
left actually.
>> Paola: Yeah.
It's May --
>> Regina: We've been
chatting for an hour.
It's gone fast.
>> Paola: It's May
second through fourth
at the Clarion Elmhurt.
It's -- only 150 people
can fit into the ballroom.
And I have Lee Spiegel of
the "Houghingtonn Post".
I have Tom -- what's his name --
Fox who did -- what's his name?
James Fox?
>> Regina: James Fox.
>> Paola: James Fox.
>> Regina: "Out of the Blue".
>> Paola: Yeah who's
brilliant, "Out of the Blue".
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Paola: And I have
it moderated by CNN --
ex CNN anchor, Cheryl Jones.
>> Regina: So you're
really trying to take this
to a more mainstream --
>> Paola: Media.
>> Regina: -- population
and media.
>> Paola: Yeah I want to talk --
yeah but the problem is media.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Paola: So the discussion
will be what do we do with this?
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: How do we deal
with the media in this?
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: We already
know all the stories.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Paola: So I would love to
also have present there --
and we talked about
him -- Colin Andrews.
>> Regina: Yes.
Colin Andrews --
>> Paola: Okay.
Okay.
>> Regina: -- who I'm
trying to get on this show.
And hopefully soon.
>> Paola: I know.
Colin Andrews for
me is brilliant
because he puts it
all in perspective.
He's even got the O'Hare
incident in his book called
"The Edge of Reality".
>> Regina: Yes.
And that's a wonderful
book as a matter of fact.
>> Paola: And that's
a wonderful book.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Paola: And that's
what I'd like to promote.
I'd like to promote
colleagues who are scholarly
and studying this, and have
reached the consciousness.
And Grant Cameron is
the other one who went
from Presidential UFOs to
the study of consciousness.
So that's -- I've
had to progress
from not even believing
in contact.
I've had to -- when I was
with Hynek to going to today.
I mean you have to like
evolve a little bit.
And so that's where my
passion is right now.
>> Regina: Yes.
And once we have that
kind of a track record
of having evolved
consciousness --
our own human consciousness --
I don't think this is going
to be much of an issue.
Because everyone that views into
the future has been able to see
that there will come a
day when we and beings
from other places will
be working side-by-side
on projects.
They'll be helping us wherever
they can technologically.
And they're learning
from us as well.
To be a human being is
quite an amazing phenomenon
in and of itself.
That's a whole other show.
So with that in mind, I
just want to thank you again
for the work -- for 30
years of work Paola.
And I'm glad we've finally
had a chance to connect.
I've been wanting to do
this for a long time.
>> Paola: Well thank you.
It's been a lot of fun.
And I really support your work.
You're part of the media!
>> Regina: Yeah that's
true [chuckles].
I am indeed.
To connect with Paola's
immense body of work on UFology
over the last six decades,
you can go to Paolaharris.com.
And that's P-A-O-L-A, Paola
Harris the Italian way, .com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[ Music ]
[ Silence ]